Spark Content Style Guide (#4017)
sparkdesignsystem/spark-design-system: src/pages/using-spark/guides/content-style.mdx

<SprkDivider element="span" additionalClasses="sprk-u-mvn" />

### Main Takeaways

- Use headings to label sections in a page according to their importance.
- As a general rule, use **start case** for headers.
- Use **sentence case** for body copy, email subject lines and pre-headers.
- Use **double quotes** when quoting someone’s words.

<SprkDivider element="span" additionalClasses="sprk-u-mvn" />

### Table Of Contents

<ul>
  <li>
    <a href="#capitalization">Capitalization</a>
  </li>
  <ul class="sprk-b-List sprk-b-List--indented sprk-u-Measure sprk-u-mvs">
    <li>
      <a href="#start-case">Start Case</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#sentence-case">Sentence Case</a>
    </li>
  </ul>
  <li>
    <a href="#quotation-marks">Quotation Marks</a>
  </li>
  <li>
    <a href="#accessibility">Accessibility</a>
  </li>
</ul>

<SprkDivider element="span" additionalClasses="sprk-u-mvn" />

## Capitalization

Use for visual presentation of pieces of text to make it easy for users to read.

> > As a general rule, use **start case** for **headers**, use either **start case** or **sentence case** for **drop down options** and **labels**, depending on the context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As a general rule, use **start case** for **headers**, use either **start case** or **sentence case** for **dropdown options** and **labels**, depending on the context.
```

Author: Thank you @bobwise :)

### Start Case

Capitalize the first letter of each word, regardless of length or part of speech. When using start case, avoid using end punctuation other than question marks.

<h3 class="sprk-b-TypeDisplayFour sprk-u-mbm sprk-u-Measure">Usage</h3>

- Headers that are descriptive or functional
- All subheads regardless of whether the primary header is title or sentence case
- All buttons labels (Primary, Secondary and Tertiary Buttons)
- Menu items
- Chart and table headers
- Referring to the name of a page

<h3 class="sprk-b-TypeDisplayFour sprk-u-mbm sprk-u-Measure">Examples</h3>

- Homeowners Insurance Info
- How To Buy A Home
- Lock Your Rate And Save
- Check Your To Do List

<SprkDivider element="span" additionalClasses="sprk-u-mvn" />

### Sentence Case

> Sentence case capitalizes the first word of the sentence and proper nouns.

Reviewer 2: Sentence case capitalizes the first word of each sentence as well as proper nouns.
